Our client in the legal industry is looking for a Tax Lawyer to join their team.

Responsibilities:

Sound working knowledge of international aspects of Malta’s tax system
Commercial awareness and client oriented focus
Skills & Experience required:

Candidates should be ambitious team players, highly motivated and have the desire to be part of a dynamic working environment
Possession of at least 2-3 years PQE in tax or a Masters degree in taxation will be considered an asset


If you are interested in this role, kindly apply via the following link: http://www.muovo.eu/vacancy/TaxLawyer

The Client
The client is one of the leaders in the Legal & Financial Services sector, with a large portfolio of local and international clientele. They are seeking to recruit a Tax Lawyer to join their Tax Advisory team on a full-time basis.

Duties & Responsibilities

Drafting of advice for clients
Researching
Documenting relevant tax and legal developments
Skills & Qualifications

A degree in Law (LL.B or higher)
A minimum of two years' work experience, preferably in tax
A Masters degree or equivalent qualification in the areas of Taxation would be an asset
Strong interpersonal skills, and a proactive attitude
Excellent writing and presentations skills

If you'd like to apply for this role, please send your CV in MS Word format to Daniela at careers@quadconsultancy.com. Should you require further information, please call us on   +356 2099 4444

As a Tax Lawyer, you will be performing the following tasks:
 
1. Conduct research necessary for the tax planning and structuring as required for the accomplishment of the engagement
2. Suggest appropriate solutions to tax planning and risk issues, and keep client and team members infiormed of issues
3. Deal with relevant government agencies/offices, as necessary
4. Report directly to the Tax manager or partner in charge on the progress that has been made with regards to the work plan
5. Stay abreast of new tax developments and understand their links to and impact on the business of the client
6. Develop and maintain favorable relationships with client personnel at appropriate levels
7. Act as program leader in various in-house trainings and workshops
 
 
 
 
To be qualified in this role, you should meet the following requirements:
 
Lawyer or Certified Public Accountant - Lawyer
Excellent interpersonal skills
Sound administrative and organizational skills
Good leadership qualities